Add EDOT mentions on landing pages (#3983)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/logs/plaintext-application-logs.md

Send application logs to {{es}} using one of the following shipping tools:

* [{{filebeat}}](/solutions/observability/logs/plaintext-application-logs.md#ingest-plaintext-logs-with-filebeat) A lightweight data shipper that sends log data to {{es}}.

> * [{{agent}}](/solutions/observability/logs/plaintext-application-logs.md#ingest-plaintext-logs-with-the-agent) A single agent for logs, metrics, security data, and threat prevention. Combined with {{fleet}}, you can centrally manage {{agent}} policies and lifecycles directly from {{kib}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [{{agent}}](/solutions/observability/logs/plaintext-application-logs.md#ingest-plaintext-logs-with-the-agent) A single agent that can collect logs, metrics, and security data, and protect your hosts. You can use {{fleet}} to manage {{agent}} policies and lifecycles directly from {{kib}}.
```
